c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\healthMe.xr.xml
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\healthMe.exe
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\healthMe.pdb
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\healthMe.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\healthMe.exe
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\healthMe.pdb
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\genderSelect.xbf
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\genderSelect.g.i.cs
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\genderSelect.g.cs
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\genderSelect.xaml
c:\users\mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\genderSelect.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\firstPage.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\firstPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\firstPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\firstPage.xaml
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\firstPage.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\Male.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Male.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Male.g.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Male.xaml
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Male.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Female.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Female.g.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Female.xaml
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Female.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\Female.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\Credit.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Credit.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Credit.g.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Credit.xaml
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Credit.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\bin\Debug\Maps.xbf
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Maps.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Maps.g.cs
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Maps.xaml
C:\Users\Mick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\healthMe\healthMe\obj\Debug\Maps.xbf
